You can use gmail and password below to Log In as test user.

Gmail : pammaptestuser@gmail.com
Password: codename10

You can use username and password below to Log In to Instagram as test user to link Instagram profile with an account you have created using test gmail.

INSTAGRAM USERNAME: pammaptestuser
INSTAGRAM PASSWORD: codenamerain

1. Download app-pam_map.apk , install and open it on android phone(xiaomi mi 9 or google pixel 2).
2. Give access to your current location by pressing "Allow only while using the app" button.(Location is required for proper use of this application)
3. Enter valid test gmail (pammaptestuser@gmail.com) and password (codename10) to Log in
4. In next page log in with test instagram user using login (pammaptestuser) and password (codenamerain) to link Instagram account with logged in application account.
5. In the next page where application asks to Save Your Login Info, press "Not Now" button.
6. In next page application will ask to access for logged in user instagram username, profile_picture_url_hd,followers_count and account_type. Press "Authorize" button to give access and continue.
7. Map will load and center camera to current user location on map, and show a round icon which is using profile_picture_url_hd in a round format for current user.
8. Click on user icon, and a title bar will appear, which will show information that is fetched from username, followers_count,account_type. If you click on title bar, a corresponding user profile will be opened on Instagram application(if such installed). You can press android back button to go back to this application.
9. Press "List" button to see all nearby visible users. In a List page all nearby users will be shown in a list format, where used user profile_picture_url_hd, username, followers_count information. You can also click on "OPEN PROFILE" button which will open corresponding user profile on Instagram application (if such installed). "Search" page uses same layout as "List" page. 